Analytics Cup 2023/2024
What do we cook today? - Developing a Recommender Model for Recipes generated by a Large Language Model.
The Challenge
In this year's Analytics Cup, you are part of the newly founded start-up LLMeals. The business model of this organization is to develop and leverage large language models to suggest new recipes to their customers based on a monthly fee. Within the first few months of the launch, your team observes that many customers cancel their subscriptions after the test period. To understand this quick turnover rate, your organization surveyed the quality of services.
The evaluation of this study revealed that the users perceive the suggested recipes’ quality as very high. However, they do not fit the specific requirements of the users. For example, in some instances, the diet option of the recipe did not match the customer's diet. In other cases, the users were looking for breakfast recipes that could be prepared quickly but received dinner recipes where the preparation was elaborate and complex. To incorporate this feedback, you decided to develop a predictive model that classifies recipes into recipes that a user potentially likes or dislikes. Additionally, your team created a user interface where customers can enter information to filter relevant recipes. It provides options to determine the cooking time and macronutrients.
This new interface enabled your team to collect additional data about the users' search behavior. Since you wanted to integrate the feedback as quickly as possible, you did not incorporate the interface into your database pipeline so that you could extract the relevant data from different sources. Overall, four data sets can be leveraged to develop the model. The first data set is the “recipes.csv” file, which contains 75,604 recipes generated by the LLM and suggested to the users. The recipes can be uniquely identified by the entry in the column RecipId. Note we consider a meal vegan if it does not contain any animal products and vegetarian if it does not have any meat or fish. The file “reviews.csv” includes the results of a short survey displayed to the users after suggesting new recipes. They could evaluate the difficulty of the recipe in a range from 1 (easy) to 5 (very difficult) and whether they like the recipe. The file contains 140,195 reviews. In their user profiles, the customers could indicate their dietary preferences. An extract of this is shown in the “diet.csv” file, which contains 271,907 entries. Finally, the “requests.csv” table includes the users’ search filter to find new recipes. This table depicts the newly developed interface mentioned before. In the future, it should serve as the input to the recipe LLM. Overall, you obtained 140,195 requests.
Your model will build the basis for generating additional training data for the recipe LLM so that the overall service quality will be improved.
YOUR TASK: Use these data sets to develop a model that can predict the outcome of the column Like, which indicates whether a customer likes a recipe (your model predicts Like=1) or dislikes it (your model predicts Like=0).
For reviews with a TestSetId and for which you are not given the Like (the “private test set”), you must make predictions that will form your submission. See the “submission_template.csv” for details about the required format. Your project will be evaluated and graded based on these predictions.
